as fall transitions to winter there's
nothing better than cozying up with a
comforting home-cooked meal especially
when hellofresh makes it so easy get up
to 14 free meals plus three free gifts
with code face 14 at hellofresh.com
face14 that's hellofresh.com
face 14.
[Music]
why did you post that why did i put
because i was i was talking about
partially as immotep a bad guy to nick
and then jeff joined in
and they brought up some points that i
feel like are probably fair and i'm not
saying that he isn't a bad guy i just
don't remember
what his plans were beyond
saving his girlfriend
nick said that he killed a lot of people
and i was like he killed six people
that's really not that many in the great
screen scheme of like evil movie
villains he you know what's that hello
you know what though i'd love to do a
lot a lot of property damage with those
storms
those sandstorms
millions of dollars of property damage
you cannot do like you can't make that
point while the marvel movies exist in
the event like that there's different
universes
six people is
tremendously bad still
there's not a lot worse than killing six
people
now what about the people that were
displaced he may have displaced ten
thousand people from their homes how
many people are going to die over of
disease and malnutrition over the course
of the next decade because their
livelihoods got destroyed
because of his nonsense you have to
think about the after effects terminator
he comes up and he'll kill 70 80 people
and then he's out a guy like imotep
comes up he may kill six people today
but he might kill a hundred thousand
people over the course of the next
[__] 10 years
he was also trying to raise an army of
dogs at one point which i'm sure killed
quite a lot of people
he was just a big dog guy he knew where
the internet was headed he wanted to get
ahead of the curve he wanted the docs
tell jeff what you said about your
motive earlier what did i say about ammo
tap earlier
he said oh it's the john immotep is the
john wick of egypt
like he was just minding his own
business he was dead
and then some people came in and woke
him up stole his [__] and then he
specifically kills those people to get
his body back john wick wasn't trying to
resurrect corpses no but john wick was a
guy who was living his life and then
some [__] idiots came in and killed
his dog and brought him back into the
game
here's the difference he went and wanted
to get revenge he didn't it like and he
could have
he could have tried to resurrect that
dog from the dead but he chose not to he
chose not to go down the supernatural
evil route and instead he enacted
completely believable revenge i
understand it's not one to one but my
point is that these were both people
that were just living their lives and
then were thrust into the story of what
happened by others i feel like most
most movies start with something
happening to a
but there's character i'm not you're
taking such the wrong point from this
not every movie starts with somebody
doing something to that character
there are movies where people are like
i'm gonna [__] solve this i'm gonna
do this like there's a point i actually
i actually have one that i think is in
similar vein to what you're saying that
has always stuck out to me okay did you
guys ever watch the tv show uh the
walking dead yes
do you remember the whole negan
i do
but he was like the big bad evil guy he
had the baseball bat uh named
i don't know nadine or geraldine or
something francine the community it was
francine yes it was the comedian it was
negan jeffrey d jeffrey dean morgan yeah
the comedian from watchmen anyway he's
like the bad guy wears a leather jacket
[__] kills people left and right
he was on howard stern once and howard
was asking him like how do you prepare
for a role of being such an evil bad guy
and he looked at howard and he was like
i uh i don't think i'm a bad guy and
howard's like what he goes i'm serious i
i am living a life with my people trying
to keep my people alive and this goddamn
rick and his buddies keep showing up and
stealing our stuff and killing people
and raiding us so we're just defending
ourselves and then you know i don't want
to be pushed around so if somebody's
gonna come and [__] with me i'm gonna
[__] with them twice as hard i'm the
protagonist of my story they're the bad
guys and i that really made me sit and
think for a while i feel like every
actor who plays the villain says that i
feel like that's universal of like i'm
playing actually to play this villainous
character i need to somehow convince
myself that they are the hero of the
story yeah you know who is the other if
if jeffrey dean morgan turned down negan
do you know who's gonna get it it was
second no he had the job for 20 minutes
apparently and then jeffrey dean morgan
was like no i want to do it so he got it
matthew lillard would have been oh
i'm not even there
he would have played it like a 90s
psycho he did like three auditions for
it i think and they're like yeah if he
would have said no you would have been
negan and i i i can't imagine what that
would have looked like but i would like
to see it it's just so odd i wouldn't
the last time i saw matthew lillard the
last time i saw matthew lillard would
have been around the same time period
would stood that twin peaks reboot or
not reboot sorry but the new twin peaks
season and uh i can't imagine that guy
in twin beaks being scary
or intimidating or i mean he was the bad
guy
in scream
yeah he was yeah
sort of yeah
one of yeah so it's not like out of
character to play a you know psychopath
but he like the the vibe is so different
negan to who he played and scream and
like who he typically play like he just
sort of plays like an idiot in scream
that is just you never really get into
his motivations for it he's just kind of
a guy where negan
is intimidating physically in a
different way yeah matthew lillard is
net except for maybe twin peaks he's not
well even then he's never not silly you
know what i mean
it's hard to take him seriously i'm
trying to he's got that he's got that
like natural humor about him the
descendants
that's the only role i can think of
where he's not he's just a guy that is
cheating with george clooney's wife
we're a matthew littlet podcast
is this
oh my god what episode is this
83 oh
so interesting this is 82 according to
nick do you guys know the significance
of episode 82 i just i just realized it
yesterday no uh
no episode 82 we missed we missed a bit
of a milestone episode 82 is i believe
the second episode of season three
of face
we we had a season shift no we don't no
that's not no no yeah it is how it works
season one ended at episode 40 season
two began at episode 41 which would mean
that season two ended at episode 80 and
season two began at 81. i'm gonna
challenge this no i feel like this
season extends to the end of the
redemption yeah i feel like this season
i feel like at the time the conversation
was really well if we're gonna
if we're gonna wait for full redemption
season two's gonna go on forever well
season one is always shorter than season
two
there is an argument so this is i think
what started this conversation was
looking at seasons on disney plus and
how nonsensical it is we're like season
one will be 72 episodes of duck tales
and season two will be 16. like i don't
think we need to follow a specific
so what you're saying is that we're two
episodes longer than season one at this
point i'll tell you i'll tell you what
i'm saying because i agree with you we i
i think there's something to that let's
then just say because it makes no sense
whatsoever which is very facey of us
that this is the first episode of season
three year two okay
okay
okay but still so the redemption year
goes across multiple seasons
that's it's not a redemption season
gavin it's a redemption year yeah that's
fine i'm just season's not a year and a
year is not a season if face was a tv
series and it was structured this way i
would hate it i would hate watching face
in their season format it'd be
horrendous
it'd make no sense
it'd be terrible i'd like to play a clip
just you know while we're doing some
housekeeping talking about stuff this is
whenever gavin says i would like to play
a clip i'm terrified probably because 80
of the time it's been related to me i
don't know if you feel the same way jeff
but it is intimidating whenever gavin
says i'm gonna play a flip you may not
like do i feel intimidated that eighty
percent of the time it's it's making fun
of you no
no but i'm just saying well i feel like
i misspelled something probably um i i
feel like uh last week this was two
weeks ago um jeff made a joke
during a discussion about the number 80.
and then i feel like i didn't really
hear it at the time i feel like andrew
never understood that it was a joke and
just carried on carried on the
conversation see if this makes any sense
to you andrew okay i think there is we
just need to sit down and figure it out
we're approaching a number of episodes
that no one can pitch in baseball that's
true
i think what's the fastest pitch
recorded and it's probably in like over
a hundred i think uh i want to say 102
or so really i was thinking i was gonna
guess like 110 would be my guess but i
don't think that high has anyone thrown
one in a vacuum
what do you mean uh
like has anyone thrown one at a vacuum
cleaner
i don't understand like why why would
they have done that
well so there's no air resistance so you
can throw it real fast oh okay that's i
feel like you took some leaps there i
wasn't i wasn't with you i was lost
sorry i was thinking about i've never
seen someone throw a vacuum there was a
guy
who got
like what do you think we're talking
okay no no i know no no no i have an
answer for that i have an answer for
that i remember that moment distinctly
i was la i was confused by what you were
saying from the jump as soon as you said
like i didn't know where you're going
from vacuum like i didn't expect a
literal vacuum i didn't understand the
point you were trying to make from the
beginning so as somebody who didn't
understand what was going on i was just
like i'm going to play along with
whatever because i don't know what the
road is i don't see where we're headed
because i feel like you came away from
that conversation either thinking that
we were throwing a baseball a vacuum
cleaner or throwing a vacuum cleaner and
i couldn't figure out what you'd take
away no
i didn't take anything away from any of
it okay i was just playing into whatever
was being said i understood that you
didn't literally need a vacuum
i tell you where this is going this is
going to our new i'm excited about this
this is going to our new sporting event
that we're going to start it's not the
olympics it's not track and field it's
vac and field we're going to throw
vacuum cleaners like we're throwing a
discus and see you can throw it the
farthest and then we're going to throw
[__] at vacuum cleaners and see who's
the most accurate and then we'll come up
with some other vac and field activities
this is going to be awesome
i thought you were going a different way
i thought baseball with only vacuums
like you everybody who's pitching
okay that's perfect back and field i
can't wait 20 22. okay so you were just
sort of uh going with the flow and i was
totally going with the flow because they
didn't necessarily understand your
original point so it's just like
wherever we go i'm just going to buy it
and i remember saying at the time or
thinking at the time while i was saying
it like i don't i know we're not talking
about actual vacuums but i don't know
what else to do here so i'm just going
to keep talking
let me ask another question to that
answer how often would you say that
happens to you through the recording of
this podcast
uh
you know it depends not often like are
you do you think you you think you
follow
70 of what's happening oh definitely
yeah i i follow a lot more than it
appears i wish i could say it was less
it would it would like explain some of
my responses better but i have to just
own up to
to that the fact i am listening
99 of the time
90 my ass no i'll get lost sometimes i
would say you're listening 80 and you're
comprehending the guy that the guy that
interrupts me every [__] six minutes
is going to come at me for listening
once again
it's outrageous
how dare you outrageous
i take this from jeff i'm not taking it
from you you are so full of [__]
you think i don't listen well you could
you talk over me 80 so either there's
two options gavin i either need to
believe you're not listening
or you care so little about what i'm
saying most of the time that you just
decide that whatever you're saying is
more important so i'm gonna choose that
you're not listening i will say if we
were in the same room i wouldn't
interrupt you as much it's mainly a
discord thing an internet thing i i've
got bad internet you do
but that's less fun
can i donate some money or something to
help you get better
is that possible can we do that
i feel like that's a thing that could be
done
how do we improve your internet
anything else you need to prove gavin do
we stop at internet what else do you
need do you need a new blender
do you need a blender appliance what's
deficient in your life a vacuum what are
you lacking
i need a new swiffer i'll just say that
right now i need that's that's something
i need
product i'm lacking you need us what do
you need to swift
my wall
back of my wall i guess i don't need a
swiffer for that i dropped another i've
had such a bad run of dropping things
since we've last it just keeps happening
well so somebody went on your wool
i probably shouldn't have i should have
like led to that later for like the
story the best version of the stories in
the middle of a story i you were sort of
like at the end of like the funniest
part of the story i dropped a milkshake
let's just pretend that part didn't okay
we're just gonna pretend so i bought a
milkshake i got food over the weekend
last weekend sometimes it's always good
to get some day yeah so i had a
milkshake which i've never had we've
gone over i've never experienced a
milkshake and i was like you know what
i'm gonna have
you started in the middle of the story
you went back to the beginning
yeah started i feel like a little bit
too early by saying you bought some food
at the weekend like that's a given you
could go straight to no
no i think it's different i think
contextually it's important
because if you it's a different i feel
like it's more painful if i physically
went to a place
got it than brought it i i only ordered
food had it delivered made it to my door
walking up the stairs i get to my
doorway i drop it and it hits at an
angle where it explodes on impact and it
goes it covers the door it's once again
it's jeff's smoothie problem it's like
the fourth time this has happened to me
recently all over the door over the wall
on the floor like just i didn't end up
drinking any of it
i cleaned it i'm laying in bed the next
day and i look up and i have oreo on my
wall i didn't realize how far it
exploded i have pieces of oreo all over
my back wall cleaned up most of it some
of it is so high up i would love to have
a swiffer extent use the stick is this
the one
because you dropped one recently didn't
you that was made a lot worse by you
picking it up or something like it was
tough oh that was the burger king soda
it was well this was a burger king
milkshake i am i if i order burger king
i am dropping the drink that's with it
and it is going everywhere
this hasn't okay this
on sunday i ordered food again i ordered
food for the different two days in a row
you ate okay yeah
no i think it was like middle of the
week i got the dates don't matter the
point is i the next time i ordered faith
the next time i ordered food i ordered
japanese food and i was very excited
about it it's great but i'm nervous
because i keep dropping [__] so i'm like
[__] this
this is a terrifying existence i'm in so
i get
i get my sushi i order sushi
and that's it it's hard to [__] up sushi
i have sushi it's in a bag why'd you
order it with a question mark because
i'm i was trying to think if i ordered
other things
that was me like trying to process i
ordered sushi i get my sushi i i walk it
all the way up to my room i place it on
my bed to remove it from the bag i sit
at my desk chair turn around
go to grab it from the bag
the bag
that contains
the container
[__] opens not even all the way it
partially opens all of the sushi falls
out
all of it i got it to my room on the bed
i'm lifting it out of the bag on the bed
i had a bag of [__] sushi it was just
a sushi bag
oh my god it was the
it was truly terrible it was sad
i had like four rolls on my bed and then
the rest all went to a bag and the lid
didn't even fully pop off and i just sat
there
i just sat there dejected saying how how
how did this happen how did this how
they this is did you still eat them oh i
absolutely did that's what the box
looked like they all slid out the bottom
they just all slid as soon as i was
lifting it out of the bag what's the
green [__] is that i have a wasabi
that's wasabi so much wasabi there is a
lot of wasabi i have a feeling that's i
have a feeling it's less than there was
gavin
but it got everywhere it was just all
over the place i've never been so sad
and i refused to put it back in the
container so yeah i ate the sushi out of
a bag i ate bagged sushi and it was
depressing on a different level you
could at least put it on a plate so you
know
no i was so it was like a punishment for
myself because i keep dropping things
off like you just don't deserve good
things you get bagged sushi that's
picture there that's like a banana skin
for you yeah
it is
yeah it was it was terrible oh man the
best of my life dropping stuff can i
throw a sad food thing in as an it's not
even a real story it's just i've yeah
absolutely i got nothing to talk about
this week pretty much sure so uh gavin a
couple last week i went to uh what's
quickly becoming one of my favorite
restaurants in austin and i mentioned it
to you because i know you like it a lot
too it's a place called dip dip dip yeah
and they they make a just like it's just
a really nice like
uh i
i forget why it's it's like fancy hot
pot kind of right and um
yeah there you go it's [__] awesome
and i fall in love with it and i eat
there a bunch now eat there all the time
we went there last week and uh
we're sitting down and we're looking at
the menu and they come over and they're
giving you the daily specials and i'm
like i'm already pretty sure i know what
i want to get there because i have like
a routine that i'm into and then she's
like well would you like to hear the
specials and i'm like i guess and then
so she leads up she leads off specials
the last special she goes and then we
have
the most amazing
two-week
smoked and then she said the [__] p
word and i almost threw up
and it and i said all i could think
about all i could think about for the
rest of the goddamn meal was that two
week old smoked p word was somewhere in
the building with me like we were
coexisting in the same space and people
around me were probably eating it and it
took everything i had to enjoy the
evening because i was like i was like
there was a giant p word sandwich just
on my shoulder looking over me and it
was oh it was terrifying that uh i bet
it was delicious too because
everything's good there yeah i'm sure it
was delicious
i just like how
how far it has fallen for you
knowing how exciting if that would have
happened to you like eight days prior or
however many days before your
colonoscopy that would have been a dream
dude it would be like if baseball cards
gave me cancer or something you know
it's like i discovered it and i fell in
love with it hard and fast and i
immersed my fully immersed myself in the
in the p-word world and i really i just
embraced it
i was like eschewing it i was going on
other podcasts to espouse the virtues of
p word like i was so [__] into it and
then i got the rug pulled out from under
me so hard and so fast i'm still
spinning it sucks
i've been meaning to ask and thank you
for bringing this up it reminded me i
was curious if you have begun a journey
for a new
thing to replace that maybe in the deli
world like are you just sort of in a
place of sadness right now of like
processing your loss i'll be honest i'm
kind of lost in the woods right now just
in general it's it's been a rough couple
weeks and uh yeah i'm just i'm i mean
i'm not i don't have the energy to
search for a new passion right now to be
honest with you and i bet just all daily
meets is similar looking
ugh yeah that's probably
guilty by association right yeah um i
you talked about dropping [__] this
[__] morning i had a sequence of
events
i wanted to i wanted to smash my head
through a [__] brick wall today
[Laughter]
i got up this morning and i do my
morning routine which is a whole you
know it's the the the feed the kid the
dogs the the poops the peas the get
ready make the lunches make coffee eat
the whole thing and it's fine i'm a
morning person i'm into it it's cool and
then like millie was kind of dragging
today a little bit you know uh which is
fine because we have like a 30 minute
window she likes to get school a little
early to visit with her friends and so
it's not the end of the world but i had
at 10 a.m i had a an appointment to get
a bunch of x-rays
on my body so that we can figure out why
i can't sit anymore and if i can if i
will ever ever be able to ride a bicycle
again because we're going on about a
month now that i haven't gotten any
activity or physical exercise uh and so
i'm like i'm looking at march i'm like
that's not no i'll just i'm trying to
think of like i go to a coffee shop for
like 20 minutes kill some time and then
i'll head over because i've got this
weird window uh where it doesn't make
sense to come home or whatever and then
i get my phone texts i get a text and i
look and it's the appointment people
saying hey [__] your appointment's at
nine it's not a ten it's at nine and i'm
like
[__] so i like have to run grab billy
and run out the door and like
drive like hall ask the high school
throw her at the school and then i look
at the back of the sheet it has the
address because there's like two central
locations because like it's like 30
places you can go on the back of the
sheet and you just you know i schedule
the one close to me of which there's two
so i drive in it's like a hospital thing
so i gotta go in i gotta go through the
ticket counter get a ticket find a
parking space run through the thing go
over like a bridge you know through
another structure to get in there to the
x-ray place and i hand them my paper and
they go
hey [__] you're at the wrong place
and i'm like what and they're like no
place you are the place you are is two
blocks away and i'm like mother [__]
in my haste i was freaking out i picked
the wrong goddamn x-ray store oh right
so then i grab everything and i run i
get back in my car i i [__] have to
pay to get out of the parking garage to
go to the other to the other place to
the new x-ray store right to buy x-rays
or whatever and i [__] go and i go
all they do i get this one's in a
parking garage so i gotta go like the
[__]
the [__] fifth floor i finally get
there i have one minute and i'm like i'm
gonna [__] make this i i grab my
phone uh i open my door i run out i slam
my door i turn towards the elevator and
i throw my [__] phone across the
parking lot and i smash my phone
my brand new iphone 26 or whatever it is
yeah what's the new one
62. i got i got an iphone 19 and it's
smash
i'm so [__] annoyed
so mad oh man that's still so new
i know
yeah it feels a little weird to have a
busted up spider veined screen phone
right now
oh because you went to the wrong x-ray
store how unfortunate if only because i
well
at the end of the day it's all because i
misremembered my appointment time but
yeah but you made it on time
i did make it on time and i got the
x-rays and hopefully we'll find out
which of the big three i have you know i
went to a doctor yesterday because i
don't know if we covered this last week
but i think we might have i just the
intense amount of pain i'm in i've been
in i don't remember i don't think did i
not even mention it i don't think you've
talked about that i haven't talked about
it well i talked about how i started my
butt started to hurt right in the butt
yes and so i started to wear those
shorts right and then i told the story
about how i put my pants on over the
shorts and i went to the grocery store
and then i realized when the lady gave
me the dirty look i had a dumpy butt
yeah like my butt was like folded in
half it was weird anyway
so eventually the shorts
didn't work like the pain was too much
that i just had to stop riding my bike
all together
uh and that was fine except the pain
followed me and then it got worse and
worse and then for about
four days
week before last or last week somewhere
in there i uh i couldn't sit
like
if i sat down it would the pain was so
intense and maybe like i would cry i uh
and i'm a very manly non-crying type
person so it was you can tell uh so i
could only stand or i could only lay
down and i was just in an incredible
amount of pain
and uh so i went to the doctor i
scheduled an appointment and i went to
the doctor yesterday and he looked me
over and you know he ordered the x-rays
and he said that it's either
tendonitis
bursitis
or arthritis but it's definitely an itis
and i'm like okay well what do we do and
he's like well you're too young for
arthritis and i said let me stop you
there let me tell you about
and he goes no you don't have arthritis
and i go i have a lot of arthritis on my
shoulder and he's like how do you know
and i go well i got an mri and he goes
oh you do have arthritis so yeah and he
goes well it could be that and i go so
what do we do for these three things he
goes well if it's tendinitis you know
we'll put you on a treatment regimen
you'll do a significant amount of
physical therapy and then you'll be on
your way if it's bursitis we'll put you
on a different
treatment regimen you'll do a tremendous
amount of uh
uh physical therapy and then you'll be
on your way and if it's arthritis uh
there's not much treatment we can do but
you'll do a tremendous amount of
physical therapy and be on your way so
no matter what i'm about to go through
another god knows how long of [__]
physical therapy and i'm really jazzed
about having another appointment every
week do you think it's just for good at
this point yeah just constant
maintenance
i well
yeah i honestly i do i mean yeah i think
so i think once you get to
the advanced age of 46 or so yeah i
think that your life becomes about
managing medical appointments and stuff
it sucks i need to live more in the
moment i need to appreciate
my
my fine body right now
yeah and i i'll be honest with you uh
and i say this without uh any ill uh
feelings or or
uh but i i don't think you'll age as
well i think it's gonna be hard on you
i think
i think your body i think your body's
going to have a tough time really just i
don't know just something about you yeah
and i don't mean that to poke fun
you know i just like i'm afraid i'm
afraid for you
a little bit well you heard it here
first
i i want you to know i will be here for
you i'm your friend be the worst thing a
friend has ever said
what then i'll be here for you i'll
wheel you around dude i'm [__] don't
worry about it what's gonna happen to me
i i don't know but i'll i don't know but
it will
if you need like you need me to wipe
your face after stuff you know because
you can't or you need me to put like
tighten the blanket around your legs in
the chair whatever i can do i'm gonna be
there for you
i'm just trying like evaluating this for
gavin i think a question he should be
asking you jeff is there anything you
miss that you could do before physically
that you no longer can
riding bikes
i haven't ridden my bike in almost a
month i want to ride a bike so badly i
bet i'm gonna get injured riding a bike
because i'm trying to use up all of the
fine bike time i have left too soon i'm
gonna be like
strutting around on a bike because i can
and it's gonna cause me to not be able
to ride bikes anymore it's a delicate
balance for sure and it sucks too also
don't don't
tie your coping mechanism here's a piece
of real advice don't tie your coping
mechanisms to physical [__] that's gonna
break down later in life because uh as
we all know i was a tremendous alcoholic
for 20 something years uh and i'm now
almost five years sober so that no
problems there but uh
uh i
when i stopped drinking and realized i
had to actually process and deal with
emotions and pain
uh part of the way i was able to do that
was with this stupid bicycle you know
riding my bike people say like there's
no way he's riding 20 miles a week or 20
miles a day or whatever and even on an
e-bike and i'm like no he i really do
have that much [__] to work out you know
work through and uh losing that ability
i didn't i realized i had been on edge
for like the entire month i got so bad
yesterday
i had to go to the park and i
i sat in the park and on a park bench
and i just cried for like like maybe 30
minutes
because i didn't know how to process i
didn't i just sat there and thought
about alcohol which i don't ever do and
bike riding and just how sad i was that
there was like no way for me to like
work through this and you know and i was
working through it in the moment but so
so my real advice to you would be like
don't tie your coping mechanisms to
wheels because when the wheels break or
you break then you lose your coping
mechanisms and then you gotta find a
point and that's
free to always text me by the way if you
need your mind taken off something or if
you don't want to cry in a park i'm
always here for you here's the deal
though uh and i appreciate that but if i
were to text you either of you there'd
be a 50 chance i wouldn't get a response
and that would make it worse
look look if you text saying hey you
want to do x that's a response if you
if it's wednesday morning and you you
say boy do i have a story for tomorrow
yeah
there's a
there's a park bench that's very
conciliatory
in zilker park that has been there for
me a lot lately and said i'm good with
the park bench but then i think we
should start one wheeling around i've
been going on your path on on one we've
been going over i've been going by your
jump every day haven't yet taken it on
on the one wheel because i'll die
it's a it's a nice graceful path it's
very peaceful and you don't have to if
i'm ever able if i'm ever able to move
my body in that way again uh i i will i
can't imagine the pain that would be
caused from falling off a onewheel right
now but you know
listen within 24 hours i'm going to get
a diagnosis
and then i'll know what's wrong with me
and then i can work towards getting
better and then i'll get back on i'll
ride that bike again someday god damn it
i will i'm not worried about that
yeah that's very exciting anyway uh all
i had today was uh was the fact that i
smashed my phone out of stupidity
and that uh it's season three now i
thought
what's that what's up henry you're gonna
say i was just gonna say something but i
don't know if you're gonna lead it i i
jeff just reminded me of a thing that i
didn't write down to talk
uh is that what you're also going to
talk about gavin texted me
late
on thursday night
what did he text me he text me something
along the lines of and i don't know if
you have it you can read it
i just was horrified by a turkey
sandwich was essentially the core of the
message
and i looked at it and in a jeff like
fashion i thought do i want to know what
this is is this is this for the show
should i ask like obviously i'd like to
know but it feels like a show thing i
think what i text you was i just got one
of the biggest frights of my life from a
turkey sandwich yes
so i didn't reply to it that night but
then i remembered replying to it the
next day and then i never heard back
from gavin and i was like i must have
been busy i know that game yeah but then
i got
i got a text on
a different day like four days later
three days later and i just didn't send
the message i just wrote it and then i
never hit send
i just i missed it but i've been waiting
i've been like it's weird didn't it was
me and then so if something else was
asked completely irrelated not not
really irrelated that's not a word
honestly i'm not gonna yeah i'm not
gonna get an irregardless on that that
was just me [__] up that was me
but i just [__] up i didn't get it but
i i want to know you asked me to guess i
couldn't think of a way that a turkey
sandwich could horrify anyone do you
have any immediate thoughts it was more
extreme than i i thought i was gonna die
you thought you're gonna die yeah yeah
for a first place second
but it was a turkey sandwich
i have no [__] clue it's like maybe
it was moldy turkey or i bet
i could put this out there to the public
for a year no one
a 100 guarantee
no one would ever come up with the
scenario because it makes absolutely no
sense should i run you through it i'd
love please please
um you want to preview the end of the
story first like in milkshake fashion or
are you just going to get right start at
the beginning
i'll start the beginning um okay it was
embarrassing um
i was
i was on a plane
and i think my subconscious had just
been slightly affected by the fact that
um i saw this
on my phone just on the home screen of
my phone on the weather app
it said uh small aircraft advisory and i
thought
well that probably is something to do
with
you know if you're in a small aircraft
maybe visibility is [__]
or
something to do with that but in my head
i was thinking like
i think i was like dozing off or
something i was thinking like oh does
that mean there's like a shitload of
small planes around
like our plane our plane is like gonna
have to dodge a bunch of small planes
there was like a one percent of my brain
that thought that's what it meant
there's a swarm of small planes outside
yeah the rest of my my brain was like oh
it's probably foggy or something and as
you can see by the screenshot i'm
apparently over the north atlantic ocean
i was i then i decided i'll just keep an
eye out i'll look out the window
[Laughter]
just make sure there's noises
like a swarm of planes
you're keeping an eye out how does that
help are you like ready to yell at like
what is the plan like i'm gonna be on
guard guys like what why
what i should point out i'd slept for
about two hours the night before so i
was there okay it's like you're on a
plane and you're dumb because you're
tired just one of those days yeah and i
was looking out the window and suddenly
i got the fright of my life in my
peripheral vision
i i saw what i thought was a plane
hurtling into the side of our plane
and let me post a picture
all it was was the flight attendant
sliding a turkey sandwich onto the plate
onto the tray of the guy behind me
but in my peripheral vision because it
was under his light
because it's under his light
it just came like at the plane in the
reflection and i jumped back and i was
like
[Music]
but um yeah it was just perfectly
because there was nothing on his tray
there was like nothing lit up until the
flight attendant aggressively slid a
turkey sandwich which just caused a
weird optical illusion and at that point
i was just like i need to get some sleep
my heart was beating like hundreds
a minute for like two straight minutes
because i thought i was gonna die
it came out of nowhere man it came did
you scream out loudly yeah i was just
like
did anybody notice
i don't know i was too embarrassed to
look around
i don't think he needed to put the
turkey sandwich there with such force it
looked like he was coming at like
instead of a uap you saw a uat
[Laughter]
do you think anyone would have guessed
that i don't i don't know not only do i
think nobody would have guessed that i
don't think anyone in the history of the
earth has ever mistaken a turkey
sandwich for an airplane i'm notoriously
bad with the reflections did i tell you
about the time where i got scared by
someone because i thought they were me
[Laughter]
i was walking into a hotel a glass door
and i could see my reflection
in the glass and i and i go all the way
to the door and i open the door and i
realized it wasn't my reflection it was
just a man on the inside of the hotel
wearing the exact same colored shirt as
me and we were moving and putting our
arms out at the exact same time he was
mimicking me entirely and so when i
opened the door and he was there i just
jumped down my skin
i don't deal with reflections
oh well
oh man nick nick brought up jack's going
to have good luck he wrote good luck
jack figure i cannot wait to hear jack's
teaser
boy that seems to be going well still
people seem to really be liking in uh
minor league jack's uh little previews
we might have to be careful with that
one because he could potentially give
the punchline to the joke but i guess
it's not well maybe he won't get it i
don't know it well i don't think there's
any way i can't wait to hear his take
on the turkey that'll be great oh nick
nick's removed something so i think we
could
oh
okay
this is very food heavy
[Applause]
please feel free to ad-lib the
introduction with a topic or
personalized story here's a personalized
story for you i care about my teeth i
have been to the dentist 14 times in the
last year and a half dealing with a
variety of issues therefore i take my
mouth and mouth care very very seriously
which is why i use quip as they say good
health starts with good habits quit
makes it easy by delivering all the oral
care essentials you need to care for
your mouth and please care for your
mouth your precious mouth it does so
much for you it is the conduit with
which you receive nourishment
and how you communicate at large with
the world it's an important tool and
speaking of important tools the quip
electric toothbrush is loved by more
than 7 million miles and has time sonic
vibrations with 30 second pulses to
guide a dentist recommended two minute
clean which works very well by the way a
lightweight and sleek design for adults
and kids with no wires or bulky chargers
to weigh you down can you imagine
sticking up like a giant toothbrush in
your mouth that had like a charging
cable hanging out of it that would be
weird a multi-use travel cover that
doubles as a mirror mount for less
clutter my daughter loves that mirror
mount thing she thinks it's the coolest
thing ever reusable handles in a range
of sleek metal hues including best
selling all black and all pink as well
as bright plastic colors sure to make a
pop to your bathroom counter and it's
not just brushing quip has everything
you need to build a complete routine
we're talking about anti-cavity
toothpaste we're talking about flaw
string or reusable floss picks that
replace over 180 disposable picks with
every refill plus refillable gum that's
sugar-free and has a long-lasting mint
flavor that comes with a dispenser
everybody loves a dispenser like i'm
dispensing mouth wisdom to you right now
refillable mouthwash that is a four
times concentrate four times that's
serious business and with stylish and
affordable electric brushes starting at
just 25
you won't be paying through the teeth
for better oral health if you go to get
quip dot com face right now you'll get
your first refill free that's your first
refill free at get quipped dot com face
spelled correctly that is g e t q u i p
dot com slash face
boom
nailed it quip the good habits company
this podcast is sponsored by better help
online therapy we talk about better help
a lot on this show and this month we're
discussing some of the stigmas around
mental health for example some people
think you should wait until things are
unbearable to go to therapy but that's
not true you don't wait till your bone
is extra extra broken before you get it
set therapy is a tool to utilize before
things get worse and it can help you
avoid those lows you wouldn't drive your
car around with no oil and think i'll
get to it eventually when the problems
when i throw a rod no you take care of
it while it's still manageable many
people think therapy is for so-called
crazy people but therapy doesn't mean
something's wrong with you it means that
you recognize that all humans have
emotions and we need to learn to control
them not avoid them remember the only
way out is through as smarter people
than me have told me we've also been
taught that mental health shouldn't be a
part of normal life but that's wrong too
these are old antiquated ideas we take
care of our bodies with the gym the
doctor with nutrition so focus on our
minds as well it's just as important i
have been in and out of therapy now for
15 years or so and uh it has really
helped me through some of the most
difficult periods of my life and now i'm
kind of at a point where
it just it just kind of helps me
see things clearly it's great to have
somebody to bounce uh things off of and
uh and you know kind of check me and
make sure i'm uh i'm keeping up to date
on all the things that i need to be
doing to keep myself healthy it's uh
it's become invaluable for me so better
help is customized online therapy that
offers video phone and even live chat
sessions with your therapist so you
don't have to see anyone on camera if
you don't want to it is much more
affordable than in-person therapy and
you can be matched with a therapist in
under 48 hours give it a try
by the way good luck going to the doctor
or the dentist in under 48 hours that's
a great response time so give it a try
and see why over 2 million people have
used better help online therapy this
podcast is sponsored by betterhelp and
face listeners get 10 off their first
month at betterhelp.com
face that's b e t t e r h e l p dot com
slash face
boom
spelled it right
oh uh
hold on a second uh hello and welcome to
another episode of
face podcast this is episode 82
uh big surprise this is episode one of
season three year two of the face
podcast congratulations guys we made it
into third into the third season let's
hope we get renewed anyway you were
saying i if we want to take it away from
food i do i have a quick question for
andrew just because we were on the
subject of movies go ahead um and i just
thought this would be i think you would
have an answer for this maybe okay what
is what is the perfect escalation of a
scenario
between
the original movie and the sequel like
where they were clearly paying homage to
their original movie but also trying to
one-up it and i think i have the perfect
answer i'd like to hear your answer
first to get a better understanding of
kind of where your head is at with this
yeah i'm right there too uh the paint
cans in home alone
funny in the first one they nail it they
both take a paint can to the face the
second one they're ready for the paint
cans they've dodged them both and then
they take a big metal bar
right in the face
it's one of the best moments of the
movie and it shows so well there's like
i usually don't like a lot of quick cuts
because i i just tend to like as much to
be done in the same shot as possible
especially with action
but their every single shot in that
sequence is an absolute masterpiece the
thing hits them in the face it looks
like it hits them in the face it's like
a split second cut where they're just
falling backwards down a hole it's like
a half second shot that must have taken
like an entire day to set up it's an
absolutely crazy sequence and i think
the perfect escalation of an original
movie i think that
i think the thing that makes those home
alone movies so great
is that they treat human beings like
like their wily coyote right it's like a
cartoon in a [__] bugs bunny
commercial or a bug money cartoon it's
just they give if they got hit in real
life by that pipe
their skulls would cave in
yeah their heads would have been knocked
off yeah you know yeah
and if that didn't kill him the fall
would have it's so [__] funny kevin
mcallister would be he would be in jail
for homicide i think it's self-defense
but
yeah ah the the classic michael myers
defense the halloween seven
i'm trying to think like that's an
interesting it's not even necessarily
it's like i'm sequel to a movie in which
the characters are the same and they're
doing a similar task but they've learned
something from the first one that
somehow
broadens their knowledge
yeah i just remember liking that so much
as a kid when a when the same
actor as the same character would
reference or remember something from the
previous movie i just used to eat that
[__] up like even in the mummy like when
brendan fraser would be like ah not
these guys again like stuff like that
when i was 11. i loved it because it was
like oh i'm in on this reference
that's a that's a great question that i
don't have an answer to i'm trying to
think man the the last movie question
you had i felt like i had 400 answers
immediately i got nothing for this
because a lot of movies don't do it well
they'll either go way overboard or
something will happen and they won't
remember that it's happened before and
stuff like that it was just it was ideal
yeah i'm trying to think of just like
sequels in general
i feel like there must have been
something they learned between
independence day one and two but what
that was i couldn't tell you i have no
idea
but i'm sure there was something
um
oh uh how about karate kid
two
when daniel goes to do the [__] leg
kick and the dude's like yeah i saw that
before [__] you and then he has to come
up with a whole new way to fight i
haven't seen karate kid two
but it's
the second one you guys never saw
cardigan two
no wow he goes to okinawa and fights in
okinawa and over there they know all of
his tricks yeah
[Laughter]
you guys should see it it was real good
um
[__] i don't yeah that's that's a great
i'll have to think we'll come back to it
we'll come back
to it speaking of andrew did you because
you said you were going to did you ever
watch home sweet home alone i was going
to last night and i i forgot well i
remember i forgot until last night then
i didn't i was like i probably won't
come up today and i was wrong i was
clearly wrong about that because every
time i prepare for a thing
uh it never happens so i thought ah this
will this will be another one of those
i'm just glad i randomly watched the
mummy yesterday
i had no idea it was going to come up 17
times during the session i don't i don't
believe you i don't believe that you
watched the mummy oh no nor should you
that was obviously i was full of [__]
yeah i didn't actually watch them wait a
minute does jeff watch survivor wait
does jeff not know sarcasm can we do
this to him is he not because everyone
else just
i don't think you know how to be
sarcastic jeff no i think that you just
don't know how to read sarcasm i i don't
know the whole room i think the whole
room believed your mummy lie
[Music]
well i think that says a lot about the
room
uh yeah yeah yeah no i'm not gonna argue
yeah yeah
i'm not going to counter that point
you're completely accurate nick did you
believe him too
he said
absolutely nick nick absolutely did as
well he's being sarcastic you guys can't
read it the problem is with this show
specifically there's so many dumb
coincidences that is that have happened
during the entirety of our up to now
three season run
that it wouldn't be out of the question
that you would have happened to have
watched the mummy the day before i will
give you that it is so [__] absurd
that i find it hard to believe some of
the coincidences that are happening and
they're happening to me you know you're
[__] you're right this it's this
podcast is either charmed or cursed i
think depending on how you look at it
i go with charmed but i would go with
charmed as well
um
i have a thing i was going to talk about
not food related either i got a bunch of
things that are food related it's just
weirdly food heavy you can you could do
food i could do food well i'll do i'm
curious about your answer but i have a
feeling it might be like gavin's
question where i don't know if you guys
will have an answer to this it was just
an odd thought i had today what is
the thing that you've done the most
without doing it
is there a thing that you can so i'll
give you an example and i'm not proud of
this
but i was listening to a thing and that
they were talking about how like yeah
you buy this product and they will plant
a tree every for everyone that's bought
they will plant a tree with the money
you spent on it i don't think i've ever
planted a tree before but i've planted
so many trees i've bought so many things
that have planted trees or have like i
even switched to the web browser that
was like we'll plant a tree every
however many searches you can see how
many trees you planted i've done that
i've planted a [__] ton of trees i don't
think i've ever actually personally
physically planted a tree
i guess in a similar vein i've we've
raised like a lot of money for kids i've
never given money to a kid
this is this could take a really bad
turn i've killed so many people in halo
i've never murdered anybody
it's probably that it's probably all the
people i murdered online yeah throughout
the course of my life
uh-huh oh my god hmm
i mean i've it there's there's a lot of
stuff that i think about
that's not the same but it's similar
where it's like i think i've worked out
way more in the sims than i have in real
life and that makes me sad to think
about how about what do you think what
do you think is the thing that you've
paid for the most that you've used the
least because you say that and i
instantly think of the two years i had a
gym membership that i forgot about that
i never went to
oh paid the most and use the lease like
you had an xbox live account for three
years you didn't know about you're
paying 10 bucks a month for yeah or
whatever yeah gavin the usa
yeah
and i and i bought a month's worth so it
was renewing at the i think it was
renewing at 10 a month and i forgot
about it for
three years livid about it and it's for
one video it was just to make that worms
video before my
account could migrate over to the us or
something i had to make an interim
account
i bought dlc for a call of duty game i
never ended up buying
that has haunted me to this day
i spent ten dollars on dlc thank you dlc
i i own a piece of dlc for call of duty
world at war because i was like yeah
i'll buy that game again down the road
and i never bought it again but i'm
still mindful and aware of the fact that
i bought that dlc and i never played it
does it let you buy the dlc yeah it was
just because it was like a digital this
was 360 era so not a lot of digital full
game purchases but you would download
the dlc so i bought like some
map pack or like zombies i don't know
what i bought i bought a piece of dlc
for world at war and i'd already played
it and returned it at that point and i
planned on buying it again and i just
never did that part so i own the dlc
i've never played it it was probably
zombie related because i think that was
the first call of duty to introduce
zombies if i remember correctly i feel
like it was a thing where i saw like oh
there's some zombie dlc i could get some
achievements in this this will be fun i
bought it and then i never followed
through and bought the actual game to
play it you should go back and get those
achievements now i'm still i'm just
trying to get 50 cent why is that not
part of the redemption year because i i
really don't want to play call of duty
world at war
that game made me quit playing call of
duty games campaigns the reef spawn
didn't they change the respawn in that
one where it's like they they would comp
like they would not stop respawning no
matter how many yeah
i i was like
playing on veteran or whatever the
hardest difficulty is and i got stuck in
this bunker
high like on like a normandy type level
it might have been normandy for all i
remember i i don't know it was so long
ago and i was like every time i tried to
peek out they would they would [__]
peg me and so i was just trying to
figure out how to get out and i was like
stuck in there i'd checkpoint and i was
trying to just figure out like how do i
you know like everything i tried
uh
failed but i was safe in the in the
bunker and then after like five minutes
they just started spawning grenades in
the bunker and i was like all right
[__] that sucks [__] you i'm done
and so i never went back i don't know i
don't know that i played another call of
duty campaign after that for years
probably they're [__] expensive to
buy digitally still they like just they
only sell like the ultra bundled it's
still like 50 bucks to buy a world at
war [__] nick
nick said he's he's eating a lot of
apples but he's never picked one from a
tree that's a good point you've never
okay well this will this will lead to
another thing there is something
the apple experience is enhanced when
you pick it from the tree i don't care
if you're baking it like if you're if
you're picking your own apples and then
turning it into a pie better than any
other pie you'll have anywhere else
i feel sad for [__] no it it it's
just a thing i legally or scrumptious
it's always a little bit better
look go and pick some apples off a tree
yeah i'll make a pie with them and also
make a pie with some apples that i got
and you you're saying you could tell the
difference i could tell the difference
yeah absolutely it's a vibe thing you
can just it feel that's a nonsense are
you right okay well do you want to hear
another another thing that you're gonna
hate in the utter nonsense category it
was snowing it snowed here a few days
ago and i realized that coca-cola tastes
better when it's snowing outside
specifically when it's in a can
a coca-cola a coke in the snow in a can
form is my snow beverage of choice
is it because of the ads with like santa
and all that it could be like yeah the
polar bears like it could be part of it
i can't explain to you why but it tastes
better it tastes better when it's snug
i'm gonna i'm gonna support both of
those statements andrew i'm i'm i'm with
you on both of those the apple and the
coke i'm not saying the vibe doesn't
like increase the enjoyment but it's not
there's no way it transfers to the taste
it's all part of the experience though
once again we're talking to the guy that
[__] hates tasting anything there's
less food you're not a food guy in any
way you think it's all the same rating
apple sixes across the board that ever
happens no kidding you got you got
[__]
you live in fear of turkey sandwiches
for christ
[Laughter]
i feel like you're the worst person like
i agree with what you're saying like i
understand it it isn't true but it is
true like it's not true it makes no
sense it shouldn't be true but in my
heart it is true
i would say the snow thing is more
likely to be true because potentially
the air tastes different when it's
snowing
i was inspired yeah never mind i think
it's looking out the window
i think what we should do
i think
i like that i try and
the one percent of the conversation i
can defend him with he's like no
oh yeah yeah
i've been uh
i guess i'll just do all the food i got
a a cheese advent calendar i've been
exploring cheese i'm not a chea i don't
i've never really had cheese before it's
science say it i'm not a cheese guy you
can say it i'm not a cheese guy but i am
a cheese guy i'm a very specific cheese
guy i like it melted and i still am
holding that opinion are we talking like
a british cheese advent calendar we are
yes it is a british cheese actually i
already tell you which is the best one
in there
what is what is the best one the best
cheese in there is smoked applewood
i enjoy the smell of smoked applewood a
lot
okay cheese is fine it's okay it's not
bad
interesting because that because that's
the best if we were doing a ch if if if
i was keeping a list of my top seven
cheeses a secret from you and you found
my secret document smoked dapper would
be number one
really that's your number one cheese
number one cheese in the world
oh you should tell that to the celebrity
cheese monger dude oh you know what's
exciting about that that box gavin i
don't remember what it's called oh i'm
not gonna pull it out cause i'd have to
move my mic to get it um
my mic stand is in front of my fridge
and it would be a whole thing to like
pull the box out one of the cheeses in
that box talk about coincidences is the
same cheese they use when they race
cheese when they roll it down the hill
for the cheese rice oh
it's all connected yes
i don't remember what it is but what is
this the man who has 400 celebrities for
their there's a cheese guy
he's famous he he spams every per every
celebrity on twitter to ask them what
their favorite cheese is and then he
records it and puts it in his cheese
book
he's got like a crazy amount of
celebrities that have responded to him i
just don't have that for later i don't
want to interrupt your story now no this
is an important it's important addition
i just i
joe bengals
advent calendar is underutilized like if
somebody who doesn't
i would never opt to just have cheese
like i wouldn't order a cheese plate i
get a little a little bit of cheese
every day i'm expanding my food horizons
do you also get a stupid joke on the
inside of the door no it's just like a
little thing you can color in if you
want to okay there's no joke but i just
i feel like i don't know why advent
calendars are just christmas related i
would buy
a cheese calendar for february
should we have the official
face february february cheese calendar
i just think that it's a fun way to try
things that i'm on the fence about i
feel like i could like cold cheese
i will say i started i picked this up on
the 8th of december i ate the first you
want to eat a basic cheddar by itself i
ate the apple smoke your favorite gavin
i tried that by itself
i then took days
three through six
put them on a thing of grilled cheese
melted them just melted them on top of
it it was delicious i think melted
cheese is better it does sound pretty
good i feel like it's a good way to try
stuff because you've got a natural
palate cleanse between every bite of 24
hours you do absolutely and it's just an
exciting thing you wake up you get to
open a compartment you don't know what's
in it it's great i think it's dumb that
they are only a december holiday thing i
have one emily made one for me it's a
house and it's just it's not cheese
though it's candy but i get different
candies every day it's [__] awesome
that's very sweet
i do like oh i did some research online
any website that recommends a build your
own go [__] yourself
go [__] yourself like if you have
somebody who's willing to do it for you
there's nothing more insulting than
trying to find a good advent calendar
they're like make it yourself it's like
i [__] i could buy a million of those
why are you recommending this to me
i'm not like i i [__] i hate it i
hate it so you a big advent guy i love
i'm a big december guy i love everything
about it i love the movies i love we've
talked about this the greatest stretch
of the year is october through december
this is your favorite time of the year
this is my favorite time of i'm gonna
get some christmas lights later in the
day oh it's going to be great
love new hair came out can i tell i knew
halo what you said uh when the new halo
came out absolutely and then we could
we'll see if jeff is as annoyed as you
were by the statement i think it makes
sense okay okay yesterday at the time of
this recording yesterday the halo
infinite campaign came out and yeah i
hadn't i can't play it i hadn't seen any
of it i was just i i avoid trailers i
avoid people's opinions i just want to
go insane
loving it um i feel like it's
i'm not going to talk about the game and
i was talking to andrew about the game
and he said
this makes me want a new halo game
i said this game is so good i want a new
halo game i believe on the day a new
halo game came out he was like man i
wish there was another halo
see this is how left 4 dead 2 happened
and everybody was all up in arms [__]
all right
i uh yeah i would love it if you guys
i'm making a that's not
i'm gonna do my best
not to play it
what so i'm gonna try not to know
anything about it i'm waiting for co-op
milly and i had already planned i have
played every halo game at launch in
co-op with the people that are most
important to me at the time
and many from many of them were you kev
uh and yeah and uh
i really really really was looking
forward to playing it with millicent you
know we we went through in preparation
played all the halo games together it
became like a really sweet bonding thing
and so i don't want my first experience
playing a new halo game with my daughter
uh
or rather i want a first experience of
playing a new halo game with my daughter
and to have that yeah be new for both of
us at the same time so i'm gonna wait
for this i'm gonna wait for the [__]
co-op six months or whatever it's gonna
be the hardest thing i've ever done
considering i have a career
thanks to halo
you know in many parts but
it is what it is i guess so now i will i
will expand on my comment without i feel
spoiling anything
and we talked about it a little bit jeff
and i apologize if i spoiled anything
for you not at all i did you just you
said you liked the grappling hook that's
fine i like the grappling hook is
incredible but
when i played it when you play it when
you hit i think it's the most innovative
halo game even though a lot of the
things in part were in previous halos
they've never been combined in the way
it is in this game
and it took
like six years for this to release it
was the longest gap between halo games
and it's one of those things where you
know it was a development hell like it
was very widely reported that this was a
[__] mess of a game to make but it's
fantastic
i don't want to wait six more years for
what the next step of this is like it's
so great there's so many things i love
about it but there are also so many
things you can see
where the next step of it will so
clearly be an improvement on what they
have like they have the framework
beautifully done but there's depth they
could add to the world and kind of the
experience as a whole
that i think would make it genuinely one
of my favorite games of all time and so
i'm excited about that and i want to be
i wish i was in a space where halo
infinite was like halo 5
and i'm anticipating what will be what i
think possibly my favorite halo game
ever made i can completely understand
what you're saying there i feel like
halo reach was that for halo 3. like i
feel like it was an improvement in every
way not a reinvention but just like a
refinement of what they had and then
odst and four were very different games
in their own right and that's cool but
like i totally get what you're saying
you want to see like the the next the
the iteratively improved iteratively
improved version of what you just played
yeah exactly like in a way that
they took such a step forward and it
feel like they have the framework to i
feel like this game opens them up to
take it in so many different directions
as far as the design goes in the future
and i'm so excited to see that evolution
that i wish that there was a halo game
in development right now those people
deserve like a huge break it's been a
nightmare to make it apparently and it's
the holidays like they deserve time
realistically i want them to like relax
and just enjoy themselves but for my own
selfishness i would be so excited to
know that there is a halo game that is
expanding on what we currently have like
two years in development and that it's
around the corner
i'm so excited for it like halo infinite
has brought back
a passion i have for the series as a
whole that i didn't know i could regain
i love those games so much and it kind
of
i don't know i i fell out of that and
i'm so happy to be back in it and just
so generally excited about halo i've
been having so much fun with infinite
yeah i feel like i can't give
any opinions it's like the one area
where i i can see that i am just a
fanboy of halo and when a halo game is
good i i would give this game 10 out of
10 based on what i've seen so far i
don't want to overhype it for people who
aren't into halo but i've yeah
i'm gonna i'll post like a link to a
clip
briefly i don't like i don't think this
is necessarily the most interesting
thing i'd just like to see
your reaction to it jeff and i don't
feel like this is spoiler it's literally
just me grappling hooks i'm using like
the grappling hook thing it's [__]
crazy halo infinite is like a spider-man
game
it is so much fun you said if you had a
second grappling hook it would be the
best spider-man game ever made it is so
much because i had to
the way that they design they can design
the game now it's not flat in the same
way
this is beautiful
it looks beautiful and the movement of
it is so unlike any other halo
experience like the other you could play
halo reach and there is some difference
in the movement but it's fundamentally
kind of the levels are designed the same
and you have the same limitations
and halo infinite i need to climb a
mountain and i can just [__] zip line
up it and it's fluid and it feels great
dude you're it looks like you're
climbing out of valhalla the valhalla
yeah it's [__] awesome and the thing
that bungie always was really good at is
that if there was a piece of geometry in
the distance
you could kind of always walk on it like
a lot of games would just put in some
weird like translucent clipping through
like background stuff if you found a way
of the map in the original halo games
even if you weren't supposed to you
could actually walk out to all these
places and now it's like available and
it's part of the game and it's amazing
such a great example of it of like yeah
not only can you get there but you can
get there and you might find a thing
there and there might be a mission and
like that is so cool to me and it's not
the deepest those mechanics and those
were the things was like wow with this
framework and expanding on this like
adding more depth to just the world as a
whole
i'm so excited for where halo will go
and i wish it was here already it's sort
of the sentiment
the thing the thing that excites me
about it just watching that clip
and
uh just thinking about what i'm
eventually gonna get to play it is the
best part of halo to me is after i've
beaten the game five or six times and
you're just exploring and looking for
easter eggs and you're just looking for
just weird [__] and trying to break the
map and trying to get trying to get
places where you're not supposed to and
and just exploring just because
just because you want more of the world
right like you just i walked around i've
watched halo so it's so many maps so
much of my life has been spent walking
around halo looking for for sets and
[__] for red versus blue but also just
wanting to just
spend five more minutes in the world and
see something new that i hadn't seen you
know and it looks like that is what this
game is yeah it's like they've brought
the the attitude you take into like your
sixth playthrough and they've applied it
to your first playthrough like it's it's
encouraged and it feels it feels great
just to piss off and walk around
well i'm very excited to play it someday
we're a halo podcast i i would be fine
hey we should uh when we go to vancouver
uh sometime next year so that we can go
crabbing
and uh do the bathtub race we should
also plant a tree we should his name
absolutely i'd love to that's genuinely
on my once i thought of that i was like
i need to plant a tree what tree would
you go for
that is uh um
apple tree what's the official face tree
could you just plant a cosmic crisp
uh i guess i could theoretically i don't
know if i would i didn't it was
unfortunate i discovered the greatest
apple pairing of all time jeff i
invented something as soon as we stopped
recording let me tell you about the
cosmic lady
take one bite of a cosmic crisp you take
one bite of a pink lady what a blend
that's a great combo i'd highly
recommend anybody out there after you
were saying that last week and and
was it was it someone here saying they
didn't like peanut butter with apple me
yeah i feel like if
i feel like that's uh peanut butter is
like it's a decent pairing and i didn't
have it until i moved here but it's
pretty common from what i've seen yeah
what if you took your four favorite
apples into quadrants and glued them
together with peanut butter do you think
that would be the best apple of all time
no
i hate i don't like the peanut butter
like i don't understand that part of it
that's like you're like
if you take four things you like
separately and then connect them all
with the thing you don't like will that
be the best thing
most people like that most people think
and if you're saying two apples in your
mouth at the same time tastes really
good
that could be the ultimate snack
for oh i see it's like uh it's like your
glove but it's apples and peanut butter
[Laughter]
oh nick says you could do caramel
instead
you could do caramel or honey or
something you could build andrew you
could construct the ultimate apple
i like this like the apple prime yeah
yeah the infinity apple
[Laughter]
yeah the infinity apple that's what
you're making we should find which four
quadrants of four different apples make
the ultimate mega apple the infiniti
apple the voltron of apples since we're
an apple podcast i want it known we need
to mark december 9th we said we're going
to do this last week i have a cosmic
crisp i'm putting it in my fridge and i
will not touch it until one year from
now oh i gotta do that right now too uh
[__] let me go dude i'll be right back
are we gonna go put our apples in mine's
on my desk at work
ugh gavin are we gonna push another week
till we no no no no no i'll just be a
week behind i'll just
he will experience he will get to
witness us and then he will get to have
the experience himself the following
week and he's committed to it so no
matter how it turns out gavin then needs
to try the apple a week after we do
all right well i'll be right back i'm
gonna go put my apple in the fridge
right now i can do that i'm gonna go in
tomorrow get my apple
i open the fridge
can i see my cheese thing from
i can't damn it it's the you know what's
when i got the advent calendar i opened
i didn't realize
so it has like you know one of those
pull strips on cardboard to like open
yeah yeah i didn't notice it had one so
i just opened the bottom and i pulled it
out and it was just this plastic piece
of cardboard with cheese sticking out of
it and it was so ugly and i was like
there's no way that this is just what it
is and then i realized that the calendar
part you have to pull the top and then
it opens inside to slide the cheese back
just at the weird guts of yeah i had the
weird guts of the advent calendar and i
know somebody else who had it and i was
paranoid that i put it in backwards and
i was eating 24 on day one and so
you wanted to match up with the other
persons no i'd share the experience yeah
i was like oh man what was what was your
what was the cheese you got on day one
like i just try to casually bring it up
so i didn't say that i had to explain
they're like oh it's the same okay good
i did it i didn't [__] it up i'm not
eating backwards
although that could be fun if you ate a
cheese calendar one way i ate it the
other way meet up in the middle see what
we got talk about the experience
exchange information
what a journey
eating bad quiz eating back i did a
i don't know if i should talk about this
people were not happy with me people got
angry why not
i did a thing i did a food thing and
this is a little old at this point but
i've been meaning to talk about it on
the show um this is something you did
publicly people know about this is the
thing i did publicly yeah i'll i'll just
i'll just post it here and i'm going to
advise i'm going to be up front
the first thing i'm going to say was it
it's delicious
the second thing i'm going to say i'm
prepared to be disgusted no i don't
think
uh uh the fur it's delicious
don't do it that's gonna be my second
thing
it's delicious oh right yeah people were
mad at you they were mad they're mad at
me
this is an invention i came up with
heating marshmallows every
okay
you'll just get it like
wax is fuel
so this is this is the thing you're
gonna be
burning you might as well do it over a
piece
so there is that can't be healthy well
that's
that's yeah that was sort of my thought
that was sort of my thought so this is
how it started i learned that there are
devices that you can buy i say devices
like as [__] advanced technology you
can buy things to melt marshmallows
they're like metal they're shitty
they're like 40 bucks and you can heat
marshmallows indoors with them and i was
like i don't really want to pay 40 bucks
for that but a melted marshmallow like a
little bit burnt marshmallow oh it's
delicious so i was thinking how could i
do this i had an apple on my desk i had
a fork and i had a candle i was like ah
i wonder
if i can make this work so between halo
games i would throw my my fork over the
candle
and i'd get a nice cook going
uh
and yeah there's a lot of ways it's
pretty hot too oh the fork the fork
would get hot it would be a problem
sometimes when removing the marshmallow
from the fork at the base it wouldn't be
too much of an issue it'd take a while
is that sitting on your scarlet that you
used to record this podcast with uh the
the fork is yes with the apple the heat
the superheated fork no not transferring
all that heat down to that device
i've never roasted a marshmallow over a
candle my friend and it shows it does
not get that hot jeff that's the heat
sink for his fork that's the heatsink
first
yeah the heat's being dispersed into the
scarlet no there's no
it's you don't have to worry about that
it's just the point in which it's over
the direct flame the fork itself doesn't
get that hot
do not do this uh for several reasons
one as you brought up wax will get onto
the candle i never tasted it i believe
this was a soy wax blend and also the
other issue is uh some
some
wicks are made with lead in them so do
not avoid generally i don't think it's a
common practice i did not have mine was
a completely natural
wick
zero lead
did you check that before though
oh no i had no idea that that was a
thing i checked that after
how many marshmallow how many
by the way nick says you might as well
be cooking this on a tire fire which i
agree
no it's not nearly that how many
marshmallows would you say extreme
exaggeration
how many wax marshmallows with wax and
lead marshmallows would you say you ate
three i had three
marshmallows i had some guy came at me
of like this [__] idiot's only gonna
cook one side dummy you don't think i
flipped the fork over you think that
this is just how it is wait how do you
get the same position with the fork on
it oh you got to hold it at that point
at that point you're holding that or
or you're like resting it on i don't i
think that it's something that was
slightly taller than an apple that you
could try to i did attempt that and the
banana slid into the it slid into the
candle
okay i lost him lost him
every single week this is what it's like
to to do a podcast with you lately uh
well i didn't vanish though
you're quiet about it
[Music]
oh yeah yeah we should probably wrap it
up yeah i was actually thinking since uh
since eric isn't here we might as well
do like a responsible wrap up and like
an easy one uh because it'll frustrate
him that he didn't get to participate in
it uh so uh
uh andrew's not here anymore we suspect
we suspect honestly he might have burned
uh burned his apartment down with a with
a candle and
a fork
and uh it's
s'mores i guess
uh but
i like the idea of him aggressively
saying no dummy of course i flipped my
fork over yeah
dummy
oh my god i uh
i
i don't know i keep waiting for him to
show back up because i don't actually
want to end it with him not here but he
doesn't seem to be so [__] it what if we
end it right then he comes back and we
don't tell him it ended
oh
i like that
thank you
sorry thank you for listening to yet
another episode of the face podcast
today we talked about a lot i'll leave
it up to uh to
the capable mouth of minor league fan
jack to to perfectly surmise it in a
different episode uh but we really
appreciate it and uh if you like the
podcast if you wouldn't mind telling a
friend recommending it to somebody we
would really appreciate it rooster teeth
uh this is our parent company the the
the family umbrella as it were is a
company that was built on literally
built on word of mouth and so uh it's
how we it's how we survive and it's how
we fail as a company so if you would be
so kind as to spread the word we would
certainly appreciate it thank you very
much we love you and we'll see you next
time all right you know what i'd be
interested if if the comment leave us
out they want to leave a comment uh
which episodes have you shown to other
people to get them into this podcast
because i'd be interested to know which
one you picked i yeah i would i would
like that as well like what is the best
episode to introduce someone to facebook
because i guarantee it's not episode one
no that's the thing it's not episode one
and there's a lot of law that runs
throughout so it's like where do you
where do you jump them in
where do you jump them in yeah
it's confusing
so this is that was really unfortunate i
you lost me and then i came back
relatively quickly and i heard your
whole dumb plan of pretending the show's
still going on even though it ended i
heard all that that wasn't a dumb plan
that was like
it was a ridiculous plan what i forget
is whenever it loses me i need to leave
the call to be able to speak again so i
was just waiting i was sweeping the
bushes
i could hear everything i was listening
to it all i was waiting for my time to
cut in and make my great line and uh
nothing just i say it and nothing picks
up i didn't even say great line is this
gonna be like says this where we pretend
that we end the podcast and then nothing
i can't say a thing so then i need to
leave it's like i need to scream from
the bushes that i'm in the bushes to
then re-enter the bushes and be like
surprise
it ruined it hey do you guys think we
should go uh we should do
i was thinking about this last week do
you guys think sometime next year we
should do an apple picking event where
we go to like a like an orchard and we
do like like when i do my apple trip i'm
saying you guys want to go on an apple
trip with me next year i would love to
go on an apple trip with you fall
2022.
you know i think that's a great [__]
title i love that scrump 2022 put it on
this and that brings up
that i realized the episode ended
already
but that brings up a question i have do
you think there is an etymological
connection between the word scrump or
scrumping and
scrumptious
what's scrumptious you've never heard
the term scrumptious
no i've heard scrumptious
scrumptious scrumptious however you want
to say it
scrumptious do you think there's a
i don't know it's jeff i haven't heard
the word but maybe it's
that character
chitty bang bang truly scrumptious
scrumptious
scrumptious scrumptious i'm saying how
it's spelled
i will say
it was so in the past jeff we've had
disagreements and you've cited things
like the dictionary to prove that you're
right and it is infuriating at times you
had my back on irregardless having the
dictionary on your side is so much fun
when you're on the other side of it
people are like that's such a [__]
word just being able to be like hey you
gotta go talk to the dictionary people
i'm just i'm saying it they backed it
it's not my fight
i may even agree with you but it's there
so i sent you a scrumptious of food
extremely tasty delicious a scrumptious
chocolate tart
where did you send it
oh is it not on the thing
no
where did you put it
it's not weird modify attachment okay
just attach
what do you need to attach
oh
scrumptious extremely tasty delicious i
wonder if like the root of it is like so
like like
if it comes from like it's so good it
tastes stolen or something that's what i
was about to say like how i'm talking
about that a coke is the best beverage
in a snow
scenario
does an apple that's stolen tastes
better
yeah maybe yeah so it'd be like if uh if
you got a lot of money that was stolen
you could be like oh it feels thiefly
[Laughter]
it spins thiefly
oh
all right well should we made a really
long one that was a long episode jesus
is it really oh my god you're right it's
an hour and 20 minutes
oh my god i gotta go get my kid
god damn it
i gotta go
he's gonna break another phone this is
going to cause another [__] i hope
not going to go to the wrong school
i've done that before
[Laughter]
all right take it away hey guys minor
league fan jack here with a look at next
week's episode of face it's the second
episode of season three jeff is an
ashton kutcher fan andrew wants a coin
toss specialist gavin wants some jewelry
for his cats the boys talk about
securing bread and once again andrew
does not eat the pencil all that and
more on the next episode of face
you